{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 Test1
\b0 \
\

\b Observations from evaluations\

\b0 WELL DONE!!! I will do my best to write a justification why the grades are so high in this course and protect grades. Really enjoyed reading your critiques!!
\b \

\b0 \
\ul Details:\ulnone \
1a. bio to enviro like the slides - connections need to be clearly linked.\
1b. Extent or scale could be handled a bit better to make a compelling argument for one level over another.  Proposing one level great but ideally you convince reader that this scale is the most important.\
1c. ignorance is bliss - could be a bit more clearly explained - ie short and long-term consequences of ignoring?  Worst case? Also, needed be clear about whether to ignore inputs (ag, N etc) or outcomes (water quality).\
\
2a. Great!!\
2b. Generally really clear - how does industry, commerce, people use this system?  And in this case, yes we need water, but is was not the water use that was the challenge - it was the agriculture and pollution from nitrogen.\
2c. Remember this was the hope-for-best - business as usual solution NOT your solution - you are playing the devil\'92s advocate here.\
\
3a. Great - the shopping list model generally work - item and what it used for.\
3b. Strategy is a plan of action - so for this first test - say you selected models - what is the plan action for how to use to tackle this challenge? needs, application, plan to deploy - and what outcome - predictions, thresholds, limitations, give people numbers to work with even if they cannot do an experiment etc.\
3c. Checked citation list for a related paper (solution and challenge) and some folks forget to provide the single sentence for each citation explaining why you selected that paper as evidence (see instructions).\
\

\b Summary
\b0 \
\ul Room for improvement in general on two main things:\ulnone \
- hope-for-the-best/BAU and Q2b & c - remember you are playing the other non-environmental side here. You will face this for real in society so the better you get at anticipating this, the more social good you can do!!\
\
- strategy\
\
\
ALSO - PLEASE let\'92s all use the following nomenclature for PDF naming\'85\
\
\

\b surname_name_ID.pdf
\b0 \
\
}